Welcome all to my Online fixes game store! 
You will not find any games here, only online fixes in
an ease of use store. Enjoy!

Everything is free and will stay free forever. I do this as
a hobby and do not get money or ask money for it. 

All credits goes to online-fix.me sites and team. Thanks to them this is possible.
The app was created with the help of claude AI. Check it out, it has a free tier.

Since everything is free, there is a couple of things to take in
consideration. The fetching of game images and names on the store pages
is slower and thus you will have to give it time to load everything.
Thank you for being patient. If the pages don't load the game names 
and images, go back a page or two and come back. This is rate limited 
so it needs a bit of time for the rate to reset, and with that many
games - again be patient.

The view on online-fix.me is still not functionning.

---INSTRUCTIONS---
As for the instructions, you browse the store as if a real store, 
click on a game, read info, look at pictures and if you like the game 
and wanna play online, there is a button that say "download fix" - click
that button, and the fix will download as a appID.zip of the game.
Unzip the file, it will have a folder of the appID. Inside that folder is 
all you need. Copy all the content of that folder and paste it inside the 
folder of your game. The zips do not have password protection.

I will leave a link to the luatools discord server. Check it out
if you want free games the easy way. Their tool and plugin are
a great addition to anyone and goes well with this store.
https://discord.gg/uDphxkJV6V

---INFO---
Right now there is 500+ games. I am adding more every week, until
all the games in online-fix.me are there.
There may be some exceptions as I upload these fixes to my github and
the maximum a file can be on free plan is 25mb. So there is already
a couple of games I couldn't upload the fixes.

If you have a game that doesn't have a fix here, but has one on 
online-fix.me site, feel free to contact me for it. I will see
if the fix is too large to upload, hence why it wasn't there.

It may also happen that I passed over a couple of games, as
doing it the way I do is long and needs focus. If it happened,
again contact me and I will add it. 

If you also have a problem where the fix you downloaded doesn't
work anymore, please do contact me. It could be because the game
was updated and the fix either doesn't work anymore, which I will
remove from the list of games, or that the fix was also updated -
which I will update as soon as I can.


For contacting, visit the contact section on the left.

